[Workers] request runtime api + revisions (#3182)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/workers/src/content/tutorials/authorize-users-with-auth0/index.md

| `wrangler secret` key | Value                                                                                                                        |
| --------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | AUTH0_DOMAIN          | Your Auth0 domain (for example, `https://myapp.auth0.com`). Note this must include the _scheme_ `https://` and should be a valid URL |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| AUTH0_DOMAIN          | Your Auth0 domain (for example, `https://myapp.auth0.com`). It must include the scheme `https://` and should be a valid URL |
```
